Enhance OAuth Provider Documentation and Transport Methods (#22128)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/agents/model-context-protocol/index.mdx

- **Local MCP connections**: MCP clients connect to MCP servers on the same machine, using [stdio](https://spec.modelcontextprotocol.io/specification/draft/basic/transports/#stdio) as a local transport method.

### Best Practices

> - **Tool design**: Don't treat your MCP server as a wrapper around your full API schema. Instead, build tools that are optimized for specific user goals and reliable outcomes. Fewer, well-designed tools often outperform many granular ones, especially for agents with small context windows or tight latency budgets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tool design**: Do not treat your MCP server as a wrapper around your full API schema. Instead, build tools that are optimized for specific user goals and reliable outcomes. Fewer, well-designed tools often outperform many granular ones, especially for agents with small context windows or tight latency budgets.
```
